Wesselee “Wesley” T.B. Stone
2051 Fairhaven Circle, NE. Atlanta, GA 30305   -   (912) 656-0239   -   wstone43@gmail.com

Dear Madam or Sir, 
Since March of 2014, I have been working on the Fixed income (bond) brokerage desk of a regional bank. The skills that I have aquired and honed during this time are skills that I intend to use in order to begin a career in aircraft brokerage, a business which I am far more passionate about and interested in working in. Although I do not have any experience working in aircraft sales, I do have a wealth of professional experience as a broker which, combined with my passion and knowledge of business aircraft and general aviation, will make me a valuable addition to your team. I hope that the following letter and resume will provide you with  information about me that sufficiently conveys my professional experience and expresses my personal ambition to be a part of a reputable, industry-leading company like Ogara Aviation.
My career in brokerage began when I was hired by Keybanc Capital Markets as the junior member of a fiver-person team. My primary responsibilities there were two-fold: trading and analysis. As a (FINRA) licensed broker, I worked directly with our clients to negotiate pricing and ultimately execute the trade of fixed-income securities. I have experience working with a wide variety of financial institutions that included large insurance companies, money managers, hedge-funds, and other brokers; all highly sophisticated clients that likely resemble many of the clients that your company deals with in aviation brokerage. The sale of an aircraft to a client often begins with a thorough assessment of that clients needs and their ability to finance the plane, which determines the make and model of aircraft that is best suited for them. Given the very high cost of owning/operating a jet, it is imperative to make sure that the client is purchasing an aircraft that is very much in-line with their needs and does not fall short of or exceed these needs. My work as an analyst provided our sales team with information that better enabled them to understand what out clients goals were and which securities they needed in earn the type of returns that they needed. Many of the securities that I work with are highly-liquid, thus easy to value, but trades can often involve less-liquid securities that sometimes have no pricing transparency. My experience in dealing with these ******** has taight me a great deal about how to asses the   

  other securities that are not as liquid present a challenge in the way of pricing. A variety of factors come into play and I have no doubt that they are many of the same factors that are relevant to valuing an aircraft. I am confident that i will be able to quickly and effectively apply what I know of bond trading to situations that involve trading a sophisticated aircraft with highly-sophisticated clients that have no tolerance for 
I accepted this position at KeyBank Capital Markets with the intent of using this position as a platform to launch a career in either trading or money management (buy side). However, factors such as the decline in the size of this industry’s workforce and the increasing level of technology disruption have led me to believe that exiting this business is an appropriate decision. Aditionally, i have realized that my personal satisfaction can only be truly maximised if I move in to a career that is within the aviation industry.  
I understand that my 
Regards,
-Wesley Stone 





I recognize that the brokerage business is not, by most standards, doing as well as it should be at the present. while the launch of new models from  gulfstream, bombardier, Pilatus, and several others has enhanced the supply of used jets for an impoverished global market, the global angst and soft market conditions are making things difficult for many. Global economic headwinds have caused a slowdown in China.Highlights include the  I hope that this increase in supply will allow for brokers to expand their operations. The first quarter has already seen a higher than expected increase in the volume of used gulfsream transactions